well everyone's been wondering what the
hell I've been doing for the last five
or six days no videos that's unusual
well I've been cleaning priorities you
know my borrowed truck borrowed trailer
and my poor sube I loved that car
well motor still runs perfect but no
power steering never did have any the
clutch is totally worn out by visiting
youtuber who muttered it and got it
stuck and reverse gear only works the
odd time so oh well
off to the scrapyard she'll be on the
trailer in just a moment poor thing
so we put them on it's really simple
zip them up back under halfway and we're
ready
perfect now my turn to loader well he
holds the brake so we don't break Park
on the truck by shoving everything
we done deal well maybe the end of the
legacy but not the end of David's farm
and there's what else I've been up to
well Rick had the best time of his life
destroying that trailer with tobacco and
I've hired in a great big dumpster to
put it all in and pay to get rid of it
nobody would take that stupid motor home
for free because it costs more to dump
that waste than the value of the frame
and steel that it's made out of oh well
well the Subaru marks the 39th car to
leave Dave's farm for good in the last
three weeks
oh well
well this legacy ends here
the youtubers dream enjoy writers
everywhere sweet too bad they don't have
enough room here to have fun all they do
is work all day that sucks
those days are over for me and off to
the scale
there's one of the crushers
oh and it looks like a 72 Ford Maverick
not bad sheep
yeah days farm destruction
I trained them well
this place is also the new home with a
white redneck roller coaster done the
final way let's get ourselves out of
here and get back home for a beer hey
they haven't even crushed her yet she's
been there three days here's my white
redneck roller coaster was missing
decals I saved those you'll see what's
coming up well I also saved the
attachment for a future redneck roller
coaster of course Canada's most famous
car you know
nothing but death and destruction and
carnage hmm gotta love it in a couple
Toyota pickups
haha sorry sight
and there's the now dead celebrity to
the 1990 wagon with the Eurosport it's
still running great but too messed up to
play with and that's what it last looked
like at my farm and the red one well
that's enough beer money to last me for
a couple of weeks
sube weighed twenty four hundred and
twenty pounds with no wheels and gas
tank
well maybe I'll save some of it for a
lawyer well I mean my lawyers